The first dragon country Zhao Ruolan Ling hahahahahaha
Oh my god
You startled me.
Oops, I really thought it would be a disaster
Did you really win the world championship?
It turns out that there are no grades at all
Calamity
It must be that you were found engraved after the game
So I'll give you 0 points.
Now what are you arguing about?
How is Zhang Dongfeng?
I'm now saying that your ant sports school is a garbage dump
Are you okay with it?
How is that possible?
Obviously there is no violation.
How could my score be 0?
Yes, there must be something wrong here.
If Zhao Ruolan's score is really 0
So what's his name?
How can you rank first?
What's wrong with me?
Our village
Really broke the world record
What happened to the donor?
Chief, I've heard of it
If someone in the Olympic Games far exceeds the record
Results will be delayed
Wait until the president of the Olympic Committee has the evidence before announcing
And that's going to dispel the audience.
It can also dispel all negative public opinion
Really?
Our village has really produced an Olympic champion.